1	
alias

Allows parameters to have different name aliases across requests.

2	
checkbox

Assists in managing check boxes by adding a parameter value of false for check boxes that are not checked.

3	
conversionError

Places error information from converting strings to parameter types into the action's field errors.

4	
createSession

Automatically creates an HTTP session if one does not already exist.

5	
debugging

Provides several different debugging screens to the developer.

6	
execAndWait

Sends the user to an intermediary waiting page while the action executes in the background.

7	
exception

Maps exceptions that are thrown from an action to a result, allowing automatic exception handling via redirection.

8	
fileUpload

Facilitates easy file uploading.

9	
i18n

Keeps track of the selected locale during a user's session.

10	
logger

Provides simple logging by outputting the name of the action being executed.

11	
params

Sets the request parameters on the action.

12	
prepare

This is typically used to do pre-processing work, such as setup database connections.

13	
profile

Allows simple profiling information to be logged for actions.

14	
scope

Stores and retrieves the action's state in the session or application scope.

15	
ServletConfig

Provides the action with access to various servlet-based information.

16	
timer

Provides simple profiling information in the form of how long the action takes to execute.

17	
token

Checks the action for a valid token to prevent duplicate formsubmission.

18	
validation

Provides validation support for actions
